1. Problem Solver : Problem Solving: On such platform, students will post their doubts and those doubts will go to the nearest problem solver like while booking a bike in Rapido, the nearest person gets a notification etc and then he accepts or rejects the ride offer and so on the problem solver will provide the solution to that problem through some communication medium.

2 LinkedIn : Fake Hiring

3 provided a interface between investors and skilled people. some skilled people suffer from resources and money. this platform solve that problem. skilled person show their work etc., that bases investors invest for their idea, plateform, all domain.

 4. A Software, AI App to provide legal information ie. Case laws various important landmark judgement on important case legal matters.

5. Toy exchanging app

As children grow up, they get tired of their toys and move on to the next one. This is one of the most inventive software startup ideas. It's aimed at the group of parents whose children quickly outgrow their toys. Rather than purchasing new toys every few months, parents can upload their old ones to the app and trade them in for new ones.

Background: Due to unavailability of legal experts in Police stations, whenever a complainant comes to us with his/her complaint to get a First Information Report written sometimes we make mistakes in writing all the sections/acts due to which problems arise in the investigation later on. Description: Whenever a complainant comes to the police station with his/her complaint to get the First Information Report written, the investigating officer sometimes due to ignorance or lack of experience is not able to follow the provisions and the First Information Report remains deficient. Due to which, later on, problems arise in the investigation and justice gets affected, as legal experts are not posted at police stations. If there will be any such software or app which can use Artificial Intelligance (AI) and immediately provide us the information regarding appropriate and correct sections and acts, as per the incident of the complainant. So there will be no errors regarding the sections and acts under the First Information Report and the investigation and justice will not be affected and will help in investigation. Expected Solution: We want a software (app) in which as soon as we write/speak the details of the incident, information about 
appropriate sections and acts is immediately available to us and which is reliable

5. Problem Statement Title	
A smart AI based solution for traffic management on routes with heavy traffic from different directions, with real-time monitoring and adaptation of traffic light timings


# Major-Project-
6. keep up - software for individual to encourage them to do the task which is important but yet they don't able to complete it ...... for making specific habits
7. sports trading - app which gives you best possible result and stats of match for you to use that data in betting app like dream 11 , stack and other sports betting sites
8. we charge mid - try to find the product they want in less price than they see on the online shopping site
   
9 To create a software or product which can help students(college, schools) to identify good or best basic graceries product like fruits and vegetables which iss 
  fresh and healthy within the bundle via the use of scanner like tool.
  
10 To create a application or tool forr the disables which can help them to doo their regular activities seeminglessly.
   ex. forr blinds create a tool which can sense the environment and help them to navigate.

6) farmer to customer connect.....no middle man 

7) addmission process

